Dear friends, welcome to
this video i'm just in
beautiful scotland sitting at one
hole around and photograph and want
show you how to focus infinitely
we are currently training for four
landscape photography in scotland it
has become as horny as much can
I only say
m
the finish line so a small spot where
We never in the training at all
training sat that we actually have
only then seen here the spot as
we recorded something before
during the training is us
noticed that we have no video yet
have done what infinitely focus
and again and again just emerges
gulp videos or at general
long exposure at night and videos
the question on how to focus
actually to infinity and that would like
I show you in this video and
which in different ways like you
can focus on infinity
the simplest way is if the objective
For example, there is a scale in front here
my tokina 11 to 16 mm 28 has one
scale
and there are different values ​​on it and
I can go to the front and
I hope I do not get down the hill
fall and for example here there are feet and meters
indicator and there is 03 03 50 57 12
and an infinite sign
and it really is so if that
On the one hand everything is off 1
meter distance you have sharp on the
since everything from two meters away
have sharp and infinitely everything
Endless shaaf means everything
is over two meters away
focussed
Of course, so depending on the dazzle and ever
depth of field is not everything
sharp behind that means you can
Now do not say where I focus on
0.35 and then from 0.35 to infinity
almost all sharp that is not
but if you are on the infinite
sign since all is actually over
two meters sharp that is very very cool
because just 16 millimeters anyway
with me the landscape photography is it
so that almost everything is more than
three or more than two meters away
sometimes it is so stony in the
foreground are a bit closer
but you can over the depth of field
the blind fix some or me
then focus on the extra again
stone for example and then paste that in
photoshop together but so easy
actually on this infinite sign
at the back of this lying eight quasi turn
and then you are automatically
infinite, for example, when I'm starring
Just take a picture at night
shot until the stop at the
objectively and then everything is sharp
gives objective there is infinite
Do not sign at the end
that means you have to go there on the line
turn that is very important because if
Otherwise you will turn to the end of the objective
it is out of focus again that depends on the
type of lenses together
and then there are still the objective
have no indication for example that
objectively what is in the 600d while the
18 55 objective of which I so often
Talk what already in the videos
relatively often have seen where there are
no indication and it has one more
further disadvantage
it has the focus here the objective
for example, here has the focus and
Many other lenses include the kit
Objective has the focus here
means if I have set something
and then, for example, a filter on
screw the focus changes again
and that's annoying but like her
such an objective also sets sharp
that's pretty much synonymous
simply you just go into life
leader then to the magnifying glass and
then you can with your cross with yours
stick this rectangle where
you want and then I go to one
far away point most of the time
farthest point or example
in photographs 8 I go to one
points lit or who for example like that
sometimes the moon is a lantern
or something and then focus on it
important that there is no zoom when you zoom
and the focus changes again
does not mean zoom but digital here
go in and then you can go here
just focus on the front
Objectively turning, for example, the kit
objectively and say that's shaaf then
go back to the magnifying glass then you are
outside and then the recording could
do it there it is actually so far
distant points that's easy
Mostly it is so straightforward most of the time
bavaria wide-angled focal length to
34 meters is actually already infinite
but you can not generalize
depends on the objective and at
zoom lenses or at
longer focal lengths it is like that
mostly infinite a bit more
further away is that means it can too
be that infinitely from six meters
from 18 meters only begins that hangs then
from the focal length so actually
not so difficult and me personally
use very often and especially when
you have your objective where you actually are
you do not have to have an ad
somehow more focus or through
look the seeker or whatever
that's really cool and worth saying
Everything of modern blabla is not
so earlier there were objective
or cameras were there
no seeker where you could look through
or had cook hole where you do not over
the mirror had seen something like this and
then just feels like
then focused here too
go to distances and that is
right as cool so in the end here
also very oldschool but also does
actually just when you're at
night in the dark light situations
simply focused on turning the wheel and
zack everything is sharp and finally
that you have this week I am looking forward to
you liked it if that is so
also comes on the first of september
the landscape photography training
we are snipping all the time on
and already take training in the photo and
to see the correction it is epic horny
the can have rejoiced on it yet
more videos about the photographing the
last two too
Landscape photography as a theme below
There is a subscribe button on it
do not miss a video anymore
next to it
link pose he main.de is the
give training there is still
rest places for Dusseldorf near
but I believe only four pieces
Do not know how to give me the video
come out today and have a seat for
usedom
So it carries from the last places
race for the first time this year
and lean back and work new ones
great projects for next year what
do not forget google
since my constant